hi my name is Jane Orlov and I have dr.
JG living here with me the president of
Atlanta organics and he's gonna share
his testimonial for peppermint essential
oil go ahead I've suffered for years
with a condition called vertigo and for
those who have had vertigo know exactly
what I'm talking about I wouldn't wish
it upon my worst enemy it's more than
just dizziness you can literally be
laying in your bed and the room
continues to spin even though you're not
doing anything it's horrible I'd rather
be sick I'd rather have the flu that
have vertigo and I've gotten it from
unfortunately from accidents I've had
through the years roll over car
accidents motorcycle accidents go-kart
accidents and so it's really
debilitating and what I've done in the
past is if I've gotten it before I've
gone to the chiropractor I've gotten
adjusted after a few adjustments and
about a week it goes away but even with
that with that whole week I have to be
very careful how I move my head if I've
moved my head abruptly you've been
standing I'll get very very dizzy and
I'll feel like I want to fall down so
the last time I had an episode of
vertigo my wife reminded me that here to
santé organics we have a line of 100%
USDA certified organic oils and one of
those oils are where is peppermint oil
and the great thing about peppermint oil
it's been used for eons I mean many many
years to help people with conditions
like vertigo and not that we claim to
treat cure or prevent or mitigate
disease but I was willing to give it a
try so I hooked it up to our diffuser
this is really neat you can hook the
bottle right in there I literally put it
on my bedside you can set the timer so
it's not continually going off and keep
you up and I slept with it that night
with it going off and the next morning I
woke up and I could move my head in
every direction with zero dizziness and
I was able to go to work so this has
been a lifesaver for me I absolutely
love peppermint oil and if I ever meet
anybody or hear about anyone that has
vertigo this is one of the first things
I have them try it's incredible and I
love this new diffuser that we have that
it doesn't require water you just plug
it in and you can diffuse oils directly
from the bottle this diffuser is
incredible you can set the intensity
that
MIT's the essential oil you can set a
timer on it you can set the timer for
how long it stays on how long it stays
off and like you said it doesn't do
water we all know that oil and water
don't mix and what the older diffusers
you would have a an area that you would
put drops of oil with water and they
were fine but unfortunately would stain
the container that the oil would go in
the oil and water didn't mix if you
don't want to use the straight oil like
I do the great thing is this diffuser
comes with a couple of empty glass files
so you can put whatever drop or
combination of oils you want in there
and then add your own filtered water
around but I run the street oil and it's
very very potent it makes your house
smell incredible or your office and for
me like I said it just takes forever we
go look at he split thank you you're
welcome